this video is about real politics and
fake breasts and we're just going to
draw together two contrasting examples
one of which is this bizarre
collaboration between Bernie Sanders and
Emily Ratajkowski approximate
pronunciation and the other is this
strange transition we had with Nina and
random who made one YouTube video
complaining and complaining fairly
enough about the way in which being
flat-chested and small breasts that has
kind of shaped their whole lives to what
extent that's impacted their self-esteem
or no experience of life on planet Earth
and that was followed up directly by
this very peculiar series of images on
Instagram where Randa the smart one of
the two twins let's face it people Randa
is the smart one Nina versus Randa Oh
Brando is putting up these images that
look like they were created by hitting a
button on her phone that says like add
boobs okay you look you can look at
images in just a few days earlier and
again they were openly discussing a flat
yes they are and then all of a sudden
she seems to have got interested in
creating this peculiar illusion maybe
just to see if she'd get away with it
maybe just to see what comments would
come in on Instagram it was very very
strange to behold when out of the blue
senator Bernie Sanders on his own
YouTube channel uploaded a collaboration
with a model and she is famous for nude
modeling and she is famous for the size
of her breath this is not surprising in
the sense that I wouldn't expect this
model to support Bernie Sanders what I
wouldn't expect is for Bernie Sanders
and his team of election strategy
advisors to decide hey hey hey let's
pick this celebrity to do a video
collaboration with on YouTube let's make
this into election propaganda
I can't imagine Bernie Sanders there
saying yes that's the one that Emily
Ratajkowski she's the girl she's the
girl we need on the cover Stan
they're saying vote for Bernie Sanders
okay kids this Emily Ratajkowski girl
she's the one we're gonna put on the
cover of our YouTube channel she's the
one who's gonna make people sit there
and think hmm yesterday I thought I
would vote for Joe Biden but today I I
don't know that girl Emily ready to
write a Tchaikovsky and her big breasts
I'm thinking I'm thinking I'm gonna vote
for Bernie Sanders who in their right
mind would simply pig Bernie Sanders is
gonna pull in more votes because this
collaboration with Emily Reggie asking
what who's not that who thought this was
a good strategy and of course there are
all kinds of celebrities and all but
there must be comedians and actors there
must be all kinds of people who do
support Bernie Sanders who he could you
know make you to the US and some of
those Hollywood celebrities probably
have a criminal history they've they've
been caught drunk driving or they've
been caught you know using cocaine Ian
or something and some of them some of
them have done nude scenes and films or
told jokes that were scallops I'm sure
in each case these kind of strategic
election committee has to sit down at a
round table and make that decision and
it was just truly bizarre that of anyone
Bernie Sanders could link his name to
she chose to link it to this particular
model so I started googling her name
because I wondered alright maybe she's
not just a nude model maybe she doesn't
just appear in you know music videos and
magazines and so on naked and showing
off her breasts and showing off her low
body fat composition so maybe this is
someone who has some political
aspirations maybe she has published a
book maybe she is engaged in vegan
activism maybe she has done something
and as I was googling around what I
discovered was nothing so I I just
didn't find any evidence that this woman
is like done some research on the
rainforest and published a book about
that I you know celebrities and models
sometimes they have some political issue
ecological issue that their name is
tattooed I could find absolutely nothing
maybe that's changing right now maybe
her collaboration with Bernie Sanders is
the start of a new phase in her career
where she doesn't just want to be a
bearer bomb in a bikini anymore she
doesn't want to she wants to no longer
just be known as a big pair of boobs
in in the model industry I don't know
but when I was googling in this way I
found a really strange and somewhat
off-putting poster more on Instagram
where she was reflecting on how since
the age of 14 when she developed this
body because by the way her breasts are
natural this video is partly about fake
breasts and partly about real from age
of 14 when she developed this body all
of the advice she received from adults
was guiding her to focus on developing
her sexuality her sexiness her sex
appeal her modeling career and this has
made her wealthy she says it brought in
a lot of money I gave her a lot of
freedom she says that she did find it
empowering but when she looks back now
what she really thinks is that she
wishes that with someone giving more
intellectual guidance to that 14-year
old girl in the bikini she wishes there
been someone saying to her that what
really matters is quote read lots of
books I'm sitting there thinking how
many thousands how many millions of
women are there who did from the age of
14 to the age of 24 read lots of books
and none of them are ever gonna get to
stand next to Bernie Sanders behind that
podium none of them are ever gonna get
to do a YouTube collaboration with
Bernie Sanders because nobody nobody in
this society gives a [ __ ] if you have
read a lot of books I have spent so much
time in university departments of
political science where nobody cares
about politics of being in departments
of Asian Studies where nobody cares
about the history of Asia
what he cares about the politics of Asia
I'm not exaggerating even when you're in
the middle of a university campus when
you're in the middle of a multi-million
dollar institution that nominally exists
for the promotion of intellectual
aspirations goals education philosophy
pushing back the frontiers knowledge the
pursuit of excellence and yes yes y'all
reading a lot of books that when you're
in the middle of university campus you
can't find anyone who gives a damn about
reading books
very often the professors themselves of
the history reading books many many
times had professors teaching a course
were the professor himself or herself
had not read the book that the course
was built on and have had many
experiences where I knew for a fact in
the classroom I was in I was the only
person I was the only student who did
read the book yeah a lot of small
classes we're not talking about 300
students in the class mean I had class
what they're only like 16 other people
and I know we live in a society where
even at the elite levels of the most
left-wing politically correct politics
sadly the way to get ahead is to have a
pair of big boobs on instagrams to have
a pair of big boobs and an highly a
robust eyes low body fat composition low
fat high muscle friend so unfortunately
the characteristics that carried Emily
Ratajkowski to the top of the modeling
game have also carried her to the upper
echelons of the Democrat Party political
game and I I wish it wasn't so and you
know what it's also kind of weird and
chaga too because all the time people
younger people I mean who's older than
me all the you know what sometimes older
people let's be fair sometimes older
people but often younger people write to
me asking what they should read and I am
very very careful I don't just in a
flippant way say read lots of books
telling a fourteen-year-old kid oh go
read read lots of books what are they
gonna learn from Batman what are they
going to learn from a story about a
wizard fighting against another wizard
what are they like the actual books 14
year old can read and understand and
appreciate you think those books don't
ever make their lives worse you know I
think it's worse for meeting a lot of
books and when they get out of their
depth
I mean I've spoken to younger people who
really got brainwashed by reading
political materials they might have read
extremist left-wing materials or steam
instrumentals it's it's very scary it's
very difficult and many of the books
that are most important for a 14 year
old or for a teenager to appreciate you
really need an adult to break it down
analyze it animate it explain it to you
for for you as a 14 15 or 16 year old to
appreciate what's going to understand
what it is that's interesting about this
book and why it matters if they just sit
down and try to read that book alone it
can be even worse than reading Batman or
can be worse than reading left-wing
propaganda or right-wing propaganda okay
just brief digression when I was a child
my parents gave me a history of the
Soviet Union that was on my shelf I read
the whole thing repeatedly I had the
history so Union it was a special
version for children of the history of
the Soviet Union and man looking back
now I think every page of that book was
a lie was intentionally deceptive well
where the other tragically reading lots
of books won't even help you get ahead
at a university campus
it won't help you get ahead in the
Democrat Party in the United States of
America what helps you get ahead is at
wearing a bathing suit and looking like
that when you put it on and that brings
us to the storied and strange career of
identical twins Nina and Randa my vote
for the smarter of the two right now
goes to Randa and ran the decided in
this provocative way to post the series
of images that through lighting angles
and Photoshop present you with the
illusion that she has large breasts when
we all know she's flat-chested and she
just made a video with her sister on
YouTube talking about being flat-chested
and the way that you know the way that's
shaped their whole lives
imagine you lived in a society where men
went around padding padding their
shoulders were to just become
normal in this other culture far far
away in some kind of science fiction
that we wear became normal for men to
wear foam padding in their clothing in
their jackets and then of their top
coats on top of it where our very notion
of what a man's silhouette looked like
the sheep of his back his shoulders his
neck was corrupted by the cultural
expectation that he wear padding on his
shoulders all the time I tried very hard
to avoid shoulder padding this is this
is considered not a child this consider
unpadded this is what's called soft
structured where there's no padding but
you can see it's still that's not the
shape of my shoulder okay tastes like
you've probably never seen Bernie
Sanders without shoulder pads you've
probably never seen Al Gore without
shoulder pads
Al Gore there was a guy who ran for
government wearing a suit that would
hang on him like a garbage bag and was
all puffed up and padded once we
socially accept the wearing of padded
bras the same way we socially accept the
work of padded shoulders we start step
by step to live in a world where nothing
is real anymore we don't know in general
what human beings look like in all their
diversity we don't have a sense of how
many people have large breasts and how
many have small breasts cos everyone's
wearing a padded bra we don't know who
has large shoulders known as small
shoulders because all the men are weak
shoulder pad and to bring it back to the
reflections of this model Emily
Ratajkowski on her 14 year old self
isn't it the case also that were
evermore expecting women to leverage
their appearance by putting in time and
effort creating an illusion an illusion
that it's in some ways corrosive to
society and as Emily Ratajkowski says in
some ways is corrosive to their own
intellectual development
you